pasta fagioli here we go
pasta and beans okay we've got some
let's start we've got some more olive
oil we've got some ditalini pasta here
we've got two cans of beans we've got a
can of white Canali beans can of red
kidney beans okay the red kidney I'm
gonna leave the juice in there the
Canali I'm gonna drain we've got a can
of sauce tomato sauce salt pepper some
romano cheese four cups of water we've
got some fresh parsley we've got some
fresh basil here we've got a one medium
onion and two cloves of garlic all right
so uh let's get rockin here we're gonna
throw some oil on the pan we're gonna
I'm gonna chop up our onion and garlic
get them rolling show you how we rocked
and roll here bode style baby comin
atcha pasta red beans baby pasta fagioli
okay yes that's fine we've got some
onion a little high there you don't want
to burn it make sure you don't burn it
okay let's rock the house get hot beans
ready okay folks gonna drain drain your
white kidney beans drain them good okay
we're gonna dump this into the mix in a
minute white kidney beans we're gonna
drain the red ones we're gonna leave in
the juice and we're going to blend them
puree them with just a touch of water
I'm gonna make a puree that's gonna give
us a nice thick sauce okay folks our
onions and garlic are translucent and
just so I'm gonna keep the heat on just
so they don't burn it I'm just gonna add
a touch of water just a little bit of
water like so
it continued to heat that okay we can
crank it up a little higher just
continue to cook that with a little bit
of water in it okay folks let's top five
red beans a little blender or food
processor or whatever you have the blend
nose up good mind if they add just put
such a wad up to that so that they blend
up really good bang out beans on the
balloon the right ers when you see that
ash can you see that
yeah that's cool okay you ready
okay just want to show this here our
onions and garlic we started them off
with oil and right before they started
to turn brown whoa what fog it up there
we added some water the water's almost
evaporated off we're gonna low that
chaos a lot is just the boat evaporator
we're going to add our sauce over here
over here up
yeah sauce right in there right in the
pan there okay now we got our onions
cooked onions our garlic
you know sauce you see that ass good
girl okay now we can add our raw white
cannellini beans right in there raise it
up a little dumped by white Ginelli
beans now I'm gonna dump a bowl four
cups of water in there okay crank it
back up on high got that a little bit
that's okay
and we're also gonna add our mixture of
red beans and we mix that all together
like so you see that ass kind of looks
like a pink mosh pit mosh of soup all
right we're gonna cut a little parsley a
little bit of basil going to add that to
the mix let it cook down I'm gonna add
some salt and pepper
and I'll show you how we rock the rest
of this recipe down with a few minutes
we needed two cans of beans two cans of
white canal it means I need it for that
okay the the blended red is optional
you don't have to do that I normally use
two cans but sometimes I make it a
little thicker and I blend a can so
that's what I did here so we're gonna
we're gonna try that we blend that a can
and we've got two whole cans
okay I'm gonna bang this down cook that
up I'll show you how we rock and roll
here okay folks just come to a rolling
boil we're gonna add about a cup of
dipped Alenia pasta dump it right in now
lower heat to medium medium-low and just
let it simmer football I don't know if
we're gonna take about ten minutes until
the pasta cooks okay once again I added
two cans of white cannellini beans okay
not one two cans and white Canali one
can of blended red okay just to add a
little thickness to it you do not have
to do that that's kind of an optional
thing but I like to have it nice and
thick okay we're not done here we've got
a bode we're gonna both terrify this
okay we got some fresh baby spinach okay
our pasta is cooked we're just gonna add
that to the mix okay we're gonna add
some small cherry tomatoes actually
these are all the ones really sweet like
candy add them to the pot okay about a
cup full can't crank it back up on high
for a ball three or four minutes and
show you how we banging the house down
bode style baby
coming at you baby damn that looks good
okay just so the spinach wilts okay the
tomatoes have a real thin skin on them
so they're gonna pop like candy in your
mouth you're not gonna believe it
it's fantastic give it a shot hold on a
minute let's get this song cranked up
here give it like three four minutes
then done well Bowl it put some cheese
on it we'll be ready to rock the house
down bori style baby
pop all right folks here we go fresh
pasta fagioli baby Bodi style baby okay
get some of that on the plate there okay
we'll get about a couple of scoops in
there some tomatoes a little bit of
spinach little spinach yeah okay well
that's not good it's okay okay folks
that's that we've got that done I'm
gonna pull some Romano cheese on there
okay just like that
cloud things up a little bit and then
put some fresh just a pinch of fresh
parsley on the top okay okay all right
folks
action all right let's just give this a
little taste yeah those little those
tomatoes gonna pop right in your mouth
like you wouldn't believe
mmm whoa nice just like pee on you very
nice just like a kid in a candy store
get a little spinach on there a little
little pasta add a little crushed red to
that add a little hot oil whatever you
want spice it up a little bit make sure
you don't forget the Romano cheese
everybody's gonna be happy tonight boy
helps on there good stuff
ciao baby coming out you do that that's
some good looking pasta fagioli baby
fantastic all right those little candies
gonna pop right in your mouth be careful
they're hot enjoy folks enjoy that's
what I'm talking about right there grab
each Toby shirt Ariana La Belle
whoa dial on some beans come on eat the
beans
you know what sleeping in my bed if you
eat the beans you'd be Tooting all night
okay
speak
sing to me yeah good girl
you